Obsolescence Notification in Readme (#547)
TUM-Dev/Campus-iOS: README.md

It mostly targets phones, but can also be used on tablets or any other device that runs iOS. We also have a [mac app](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-iOS/releases/lastest). This is the repo for the iOS version of the TUM Campus App.

> ## 🚨 Public Service Announcement 🚨

Reviewer: Suggestion:

Currently, we are at a transitioning point for our TUM Campus Apps. We have three platform-specific versions: [iOS](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-iOS), [Android](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-Android), and [UWP](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-UWP). However, maintaining these distinct versions has proven challenging, with notable issues including feature disparity and the need for individual bug fixes for each platform. Furthermore, this model is dependent on having a dedicated maintainer for each app.

As such, we have decided to consolidate our resources and efforts towards the creation of a unified, cross-platform app using [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/). You can access the new codebase here: [github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-Flutter](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-Flutter).

We invite and value your contributions to the ongoing development of the Campus-iOS. However, please note that we are transitioning towards a new Flutter-based codebase, expected to take over the platform-specific apps in 2024. 

By uniting our efforts under one platform, we aim to enhance our efficiency and streamline the feature sets across all versions, thereby offering a more cohesive and reliable user experience. We thank you for your understanding and look forward to your continued support during this exciting period of transition.

Reviewer: Let's try to use one consistent text for all READMEs of the native TCAs :)

> The current state of the game is, that we have three Campus apps ([iOS](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-iOS), [Android](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-Android), [UWP](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-iOS)).
> This current model brings a few downsides, but most notorios are feature divergence and bugfixes.
> It also relies on there always being a core maintainer to each of the projects.
> 
> Feature divergance and the lack of a maintainer on the Android side have pushed us towards uniting our front and merging the effort into a [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/)-based alternative.
> 
> You are still welcome to contribute to this Campus-iOS.  
> This new codebase will take over these apps sometime in 2024: [github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-Flutter](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-Flutter)

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, we are at a transitioning point for our TUM Campus Apps. We have three platform-specific versions: [iOS](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-iOS), [Android](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-Android), and [UWP](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-UWP).  
 However, maintaining these distinct versions has proven challenging, with notable issues including feature disparity and the need for individual bug fixes for each platform. Furthermore, this model is dependent on having a dedicated maintainer for each app.

As such, we have decided to consolidate our resources and efforts towards the creation of a unified, cross-platform app using [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/). You can access the new codebase here: [github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-Flutter](https://github.com/TUM-Dev/Campus-Flutter).

By uniting our efforts under one platform, we aim to enhance our efficiency and streamline the feature sets across all versions, thereby offering a more cohesive and reliable user experience.

We invite and value your contributions to the ongoing development of the Campus-iOS.
However, please note that we are transitioning towards a new [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/)-based codebase, expected to take over the platform-specific apps in 2024.
We thank you for your understanding and look forward to your continued support during this exciting period of transition.
If you have any comments/feedback about this decison, you can reach us at app <at> tum.de or by adding a GitHub issue
```
